 wondered why at 18 he was old enough to go to war, but not old enough to buy cigarettes.
His mind was blown that there was nothing in space except space itself.
He stomped on his fruit loops and thus became a cereal killer.
He found rain fascinating yet unpleasant.
Her daily goal was to improve on yesterday.
Martha came to the conclusion that shake weights are a great gift for any occasion.
The doll spun around in circles in hopes of coming alive.
It was obvious she was hot, sweaty, and tired.
The tree fell unexpectedly short.
If you don't like toenails, you probably shouldn't look at your feet.
He wondered if it could be called a beach if there was no sand.
Written warnings in instruction manuals are worthless since rabbits can't read.
He learned the hardest lesson of his life and had the scars, both physical and mental, to prove it.
The tumbleweed refused to tumble but was more than willing to prance.
My secretary is the only person who truly understands my stamp-collecting obsession.
The toy brought back fond memories of being lost in the rain forest.
It's not possible to convince a monkey to give you a banana by promising it infinite bananas when they die.
She is never happy until she finds something to be unhappy about; then, she is overjoyed.
They wandered into a strange Tiki bar on the edge of the small beach town.
The beauty of the sunset was obscured by the industrial cranes.
Iguanas were falling out of the trees.
Nobody has encountered an explosive daisy and lived to tell the tale.
There was no ice cream in the freezer, nor did they have money to go to the store.
The hummingbird's wings blurred while it eagerly sipped the sugar water from the feeder.
They got there early, and they got really good seats.
They were excited to see their first sloth.
She was disgusted he couldn’t tell the difference between lemonade and limeade.
They improved dramatically once the lead singer left.
As you consider all the possible ways to improve yourself and the world, you notice John Travolta seems fairly unhappy.
Lightning Paradise was the local hangout joint where the group usually ended up spending the night.
The book is in front of the table.
She did her best to help him.
Joe discovered that traffic cones make excellent megaphones.
The manager of the fruit stand always sat and only sold vegetables.
The tears of a clown make my lipstick run, but my shower cap is still intact.
It took me too long to realize that the ceiling hadn't been painted to look like the sky.
Three generations with six decades of life experience.
He wondered if she would appreciate his toenail collection.
Jenny made the announcement that her baby was an alien.
It's never been my responsibility to glaze the donuts.
She wasn't sure whether to be impressed or concerned that he folded underwear in neat little packages.
He wore the surgical mask in public not to keep from catching a virus, but to keep people away from him.
The busker hoped that the people passing by would throw money, but they threw tomatoes instead, so he exchanged his hat for a juicer.
Pantyhose and heels are an interesting choice of attire for the beach.
Jason didn’t understand why his parents wouldn’t let him sell his little sister at the garage sale.
Blue sounded too cold at the time and yet it seemed to work for gin.
There's probably enough glass in my cupboard to build an undersea aquarium.
He realized there had been several deaths on this road, but his concern rose when he saw the exact number.
Now I need to ponder my existence and ask myself if I'm truly real
The rain pelted the windshield as the darkness engulfed us.